Update CONTRIBUTING.md, add MAINTAINERS.md (#309)
theupdateframework/go-tuf: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing Guide

We welcome and encourage community contributions to go-tuf.

Please familiarize yourself with these Contribution Guidelines before contributing.

There are many ways to help go-tuf besides contributing code:

- Fix bugs or file issues
- Provide feedback on the CLI experience or suggest feature enhancements.
- Improve documentation.

Please follow the [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) when contributing to this project.

## Contributing Code

> Unless you are fixing a known bug, we strongly recommend discussing it with the community via a GitHub issue or Slack before getting started to ensure that your work is consistent with TUF's specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless you are fixing a known bug, we strongly recommend discussing it with the community via a GitHub issue or Slack (see [communication](#communication) below for details) before getting started to ensure that your work is consistent with TUF's specification.
```

7. Run `go fmt ./...`.

When creating a PR:

1. Your PR title should be descriptive, and follow the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) specification (start with `fix:`, `feat:`, or similar).
2. Your PR commit message will be used as the commit message when your PR is merged. Update this field if your PR diverges during review.
3. Your PR description should have details on what the PR does. If it fixes an existing issue, include a line like "Fixes #XXXX".

When all of the tests are passing, maintainer(s) will be assigned to review and merge the PR. If you're having trouble getting tests to pass, feel free to tag in [MAINTAINERS](MAINTAINERS) for help, or ask in Slack (see [Communication](#communication) below).

## Communication

We use the [#tuf](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C8NMD3QJ3) and [#go-tuf](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C02D577GX54) channel on [CNCF Slack](https://slack.cncf.io/). You are welcome to drop in and ask questions, discuss bugs, etc.

You might also be interested in the TUF community beyond go-tuf; good places to start include:

- [TUF mailing list](https://groups.google.com/g/theupdateframework)

> - TUF community meetings (monthly; join the mailing list to receive invitations)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- TUF community meetings (monthly; join the mailing list or watch the Slack channel to see invitations)
```

All contributions are made via pull request. All patches from all contributors get reviewed. See the [Pull Request procedure](#pull-request-procedure).

## Pull Request Procedure

To make a pull request, you will need a GitHub account. See GitHub's documentation on [forking](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo) and [pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests).

Pull requests should be targeted at the `master` branch. Before creating a pull request, go through this checklist:

1. Create a feature branch off of `master` so that changes do not get mixed up.
2. If your PR adds new code, it should include tests covering the new code. If your PR fixes a bug, it should include a regression test.
3. PRs that change user-facing behavior or the command-line interface must have associated documentation.
4. All code comments and documentation are expected to have proper English grammar and punctuation.
5. [Rebase](http://git-scm.com/book/en/Git-Branching-Rebasing) your local changes against the `master` branch.

> 6. Run the full project test suite with the `go test ./...` command and confirm that it passes.

Reviewer 2: I think there's some part of these tests that require a python tuf installation. TODO(#301)  on resolving this issue?

https://github.com/theupdateframework/go-tuf/issues/301
